Add annotations for enabling TLS on Envoy Prometheus endpoint (#1303)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

  * Add support for secret watchers on the Peering Acceptor and Peering Dialer controllers. [[GH-1284](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1284)]
  * Add support for version annotation on the Peering Acceptor and Peering Dialer controllers. [[GH-1302](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1302)]

IMPROVEMENTS:

> * Control Plane
>   * Added annotations for configuring TLS on Prometheus metrics endpoint for Envoy sidecars. [[GH-1303](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1303)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Control Plane
  * Added annotations `consul.hashicorp.com/prometheus-ca-file`, `consul.hashicorp.com/prometheus-ca-path`, `consul.hashicorp.com/prometheus-cert-file`, and `consul.hashicorp.com/prometheus-key-file` for configuring TLS scraping on Prometheus metrics endpoints for Envoy sidecars. To enable, set the cert and key file annotations along with one of the ca file/path annotations. [[GH-1303](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1303)]
```

Reviewer: @kyhavlov Should we also note that support for this requires `consul-x.x.x` ?
